I'll give you one last chance.
Money or not
You rich people
So much money difference
So much confidence
Why do we have to take away our only home?
Why love
I don't want to run out of home soon.
material repentance
Call me don't
Ha ha.
Hahahahaha
I think this girl is quite watery
She is innocent.
Don't kill me!
Grandpa
Money or not
Ah money
Ladies, I have a virtue in my mouth
Money not money money
I killed your daughter in front of you
Haha, do you want to sign it or not?
Hahaha stop
Let go of the kid and we'll sign
Because his parents entrusted us with it before they left
His parents died on the battlefield
We can't let anything happen to him again!
Is this okay?
Can't you lose it sooner?
You people have to force me to go
I said let him go